[DOC] Clarify usage of elastic user for Kibana (#72499)
elastic/elasticsearch: x-pack/docs/en/security/securing-communications/security-minimal-setup.asciidoc

./bin/kibana
----

. Log in to {kib} as the `elastic` user. Use this superuser account to 
{kibana-ref}/tutorial-secure-access-to-kibana.html[create new users and assign roles]. If you're running {kib} locally, go to `https://localhost:5601` to view the login page.

[[minimal-security-whatsnext]]
==== What's next?

Congratulations! You enabled password protection for your local cluster to
prevent unauthorized access. You can log in to {kib} securely as the `elastic`

> user and create additional users and roles. If you're running a <<single-node-discovery,single-node cluster>>, then you can stop here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
user and {kibana-ref}/tutorial-secure-access-to-kibana.html[manage spaces, create new users and assign roles]. If you're running a <<single-node-discovery,single-node cluster>>, then you can stop here.
```
